The data in this subdirectory are for uncorrelated energy-angle
probability densities.  That is, the joint energy-angle probability
density is the product of the energy probability density with the
angular probability density.  The effect of the "Quadrature method"
flag in the input is as follows:
adaptive: Use adaptive quadrature for both integrations.
Gauss?: Use Gaussian quadrature of the specified order for both integrations.
exact: Use the exact formula for integration of the energy probability
  density, adaptive quadrature for the angular probability density.
  This option was disabled because it is so slow.  It is available only
  in svn versions 278 and earlier.

The data for the outgoing particle may be given in center-of-mass coordinates
only for unit-base interpolation in incident energy and only for isotropic
tabular angular data.

The input files are:

in.uncorrelated-Li7: Use the default adaptive quadrature.  Its output is
  out.uncorrelated-Li7..

in.uncorrelated-Li7.Gauss6: Use Gaussian quadrature of order 6.  Its output is
  out.uncorrelated-Li7.Gauss6.  The accuracy for the lowest incident energy
  bins is not great.

in.uncorrelated-Li7.exact: Use the obsolete exact quadrature.  Its output
  is out.uncorrelated-Li7.exact.

in.Mg24.flat: Data with histograms in outgoing energy.  Its output is
  out.Mg24.flat.

in.F19.correspondingEn: Data with interpolation in incident energy by
  cumulative points, histograms in outgoing energy.  Its output is
  out.F19.correspondingEn.

in.F19.linlin-cumpoints:  Data with interpolation in incident energy by
  cumulative points, linear-linear in outgoing energy.  Its output is
  out.F19.linlin-cumpoints.

in.F19.gammas: histogram data using cumulkative points interpolation
  but with intervals of zero probability.  The output file is out.F19.gammas.

In ENDL the angular probability densities are always given as a table,
but ENDF has the option of using Legendre coefficients.  We include two
equivalent files for the sake of comparison.

in.Co58uncor.Legendre: Angular probability densities as Legendre coefficients.
  The output is out.Co58uncor.Legendre.

in.Co58uncor.table: Angular probability densities as a table.  The output is
  out.Co58uncor.table.

in.uncorrelated-Li7.cm: Isotropic energy probability density given in center-of-
  mass coordinates.  The output is out.uncorrelated-Li7.cm.

in.N15.flat: A file specifying histogram interpolation with respect to incident
  energy.  The incident energies for the angular and energy distributions
  are different.  Its output is out.N15.flat.

in.N15.direct: The same data as in.N15.flat, but here the interpolation
  with respect to incident energy is direct linear-linear with truncation.
  Its output is out.N15.direct.

in.Co59.linlog: Isotropic energy probability density given in the lab
  frame, with lin-log unitbase interpolation for incident energy.
  The output file is out.Co59.linlog.

in.V51-gamma-in: A file with incident gammas and with cumulative points
  interpolation in incident energy, linlear-linear in outgoing energy.
  The output file is out.V51-gamma-in.
