This subdirectory deals with discrete 2-body reactions with data in
the form of Legendre coefficients of the angular probability density.

In the input file you must provide the Q value and the rest masses of 
the incident particle, the target, and the emitted particle, and these
must be in the same units as the energy bins.  You may also provide
the rest mass of the residual, but this is not used.  You will get a
warning message if the calculated rest mass of the residual differs
too much from the one you provide.

Relativistic mechanics is used if the incident particle or one of the
outgoing particles is a photon.  Otherwise,
the computation is done with Newtonian mechanics if the input file
contains the line
kinetics: Newtonian
To specify relativistic mechanics, include the line
kinetics: relativistic
You get Newtonian mechanics if this command is omitted.

The input files are as follows:

in.Legendre2Body-Si28: Do the integration using Newtonian kinetics and 
  the default adaptive quadrature.  Its output is out.Legendre2Body-Si28.

in.Legendre2Body-Si28-Gauss6: Do the integration using Newtonian kinetics and 
  Gaussian quadrature of order 6.  The output is out.Legendre2Body-Si28-Gauss6
  and is essentially the same as the default output.

in.Legendre2Body-Si28.rel: Do the integration using relativistic kinetics and 
  the default adaptive quadrature.  Its output is out.Legendre2Body-Si28.rel.

in.Lu175.linlog: This file calls for interpolation of the Legendre coefficients
  linearly with respect to the logarithm of the incident energy.  Use Newtonian
  mechanics.  The output file is out.Lu175.linlog.

in.Lu175.linlin: The same data as Lu175.linlog but with linear-linear interpolation.
  For the sake of comparison.  Use Newtonian mechanics.  The output file is
  out.Lu175.linlin.

in.Lu175.linlog.rel: This file calls for interpolation of the Legendre coefficients
  linearly with respect to the logarithm of the incident energy.  Use relativistic
  mechanics.  The output file is out.Lu175.linlog.rel.

in.Ag110m: This file is for inelastic scattering with a positive Q value, and.
  it uses Newtonian mechanics.  The output file is out.Ag110m.

in.Ag110m.rel: This file is for inelastic scattering with a positive Q value, and.
  it uses relativistic mechanics.  The output file is out.Ag110m.rel.

in.DD: This file for D + D -> T + p is special in that the outgoing triton is
  so heavy that zero velocity in the lab frame is possible with Q > 0.
  The kinetics is Newtonian.  The output is out.DD.

in.DD.rel: the relativistic version of the in.DD file.

in.DT: This file is for the outgoing He4_e1 in the
  H2 + H3 --> n + He4_e1 reaction.  This is another example of the need
  for care when mass ratios are unusual.  The output file is out.DT.

in.DT.rel: This the relativistic version of the in.DT file.

in.photon_out: data for the outgoing photon in the
  H2 + H3 --> (He5 -> n + He4) + photon reaction.  The output file is
  out.photon_out.

in.photon_res: data for the outgoing deuteron in the
  n + H1 --> H2 + gamma reaction.  The output file is out.photon_res.
