The files in this subdirectory are for discrete 2-body reactions
with angular probability densities given as pointwise data (with
linear-linear interpolation).  The default input gives integration
by adaptive quadrature.  Input files specifying 6-th order Gaussian
quadrature are included for comparison.  The Gaussian quadrature is
about 20% faster, but the entries of the third-order transfer matrix
are inaccurate at low incident energies.  

In the input file you must provide the Q value and the rest masses of 
the incident particle, the target, and the emitted particle, and these
must be in the same units as the energy bins.  You may also provide
the rest mass of the residual, but this is not used unless the residual
is a photon.  You will get a
warning message if the calculated rest mass of the residual differs
too much from the one you provide.

Relativistic mechanics is used if the incident particle or one of the
outgoing particles is a photon.  Otherwise,
the computation is done with Newtonian mechanics if the input file
contains the line
kinetics: Newtonian
To specify relativistic mechanics, include the line
kinetics: relativistic
You get Newtonian mechanics if this command is omitted.

The input files are:

in.elastic-C12: elastic scattering using Newtonian kinetics and adaptive quadrature.  
  The output file is out.elastic-C12.

in.elastic-C12-Gauss6: elastic scattering using Newtonian kinetics and 6-th order 
  Gaussian quadrature.  The output file is out.elastic-C12-Gauss6.

in.elastic-C12.rel: elastic scattering using relativistic kinetics and adaptive quadrature.  
  The output file is out.elastic-C12.rel.

in.inelastic-Kr78: inelastic scattering using Newtonian kinetics and adaptive 
  quadrature.  The output file is out.inelastic-Kr78.

in.inelastic-Kr78.rel: inelastic scattering using relativistic kinetics and adaptive 
  quadrature.  The output file is out.inelastic-Kr78.

in.photon_out: data for the outgoing photon in the
  H2 + H3 --> (He5 -> n + He4) + photon reaction.  The output file is
  out.photon_out.

in.photon_res: data for the outgoing deuteron in the
  n + H1 --> H2 + gamma reaction.  The output file is out.photon_res.
